Add main ACME page to docs (#2013)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x/content/docs/secrets/pki/acme.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Automatic Certificate Management Environment (ACME)
description: >-
   Understand the configuration and limitations of Vault's PKI secrets engine implementation of the Automatic Certificate Management Environment (ACME) protocol.
# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2025-07-22T12:58:23-07:00
last_modified: 2025-12-10T16:37:48-05:00
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

# Automatic Certificate Management Environment (ACME)

The ACME protocol is an IETF standardized protocol, [RFC 8555](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8555),
that provides the ability for a client to prove control over a domain name and request a leaf certificate
from an ACME CA in an automated way. The protocol defines a few different challenge types that a client

> can use to prove control over a domain, the most common being the HTTP-01 challenge along with DNS-01 and TLS-ALPN-01.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Automatic Certificate Management Environment (ACME) protocol is an IETF
standardized protocol, [RFC 8555](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8555),
that lets you automate the way clients prove control over a domain name and
request a leaf certificate from an ACME certificate authority (CA). The protocol
defines multiple challenge types, but the most commonly used types are HTTP-01,
DNS-01, and TLS-ALPN-01.
```
Style correction: write in simple sentences
